Feat/filter in request (#266)
socotecio/django-socio-grpc: docs/features/proto-generation.rst

            service,
            proto_message,
            message_name_constructor,
        ):
            for field in proto_message.fields:
                field.field_type = self.type_to_put
            return proto_message

Then you can use it for a specific action or globally.

Globally: :ref:`See setting doc <settings-default-generation-plugin>`

For a specific action:

.. code-block:: python
    # quickstart/services.py
    from django_socio_grpc import generics
    from quickstart.models import Post
    from quickstart.serializer import PostProtoSerializer
    from django_socio_grpc.decorators import grpc_action

    # This service will have all the CRUD actions
    class PostService(generics.GenericService):
        queryset = Post.objects.all()
        serializer_class = PostProtoSerializer

        @grpc_action(
            request=[],
            response=PostProtoSerializer,
            use_generation_plugins=[ReplaceAllTypeGenerationPlugin(type_to_put="string")],
        )
        async def CustomActionWithPlugin(self, request, context):
            ...

.. _proto-generation-message-name-constructor:

MessageNameConstructor
----------------------

> DSG use a dedicated class to implement the proto name generated. By default this class is :func:`MessageNameConstructor <django_socio_grpc.protobuf.message_name_constructor.MessageNameConstructor>`.
> 
> It follow the simple logic of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DSG uses a :func:`MessageNameConstructor <django_socio_grpc.protobuf.message_name_constructor.MessageNameConstructor>` to construct the names of unspecified messages.

By default :func:`DefaultMessageNameConstructor` is used, it follow this logic:

```
